[FEATURE] Reference Environment - Google Cloud Storage (#8197)
great-expectations/great_expectations: examples/reference_environments/gcs/README.md

# GCS Reference Environment

This reference environment spins up one container which contains a jupyter notebook server and some example code.

The example code demonstrates how to use Great Expectations with data stored in Google Cloud Storage and by default uses data in the `taxi_reference_data` 

> that is hosted in the project defined by `GE_TEST_GCP_PROJECT` env variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is hosted in the project defined by `GCP_PROJECT_NAME` env variable.
```

You can connect to GCS by setting up 2 environment variables:

First, the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` variable is used for authentication, and can point to a credential configuration JSON file. 

> The second variable needed is the `GE_TEST_GCP_PROJECT`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second variable needed is the `GCP_PROJECT_NAME`. 
```
